Well, good afternoon.
Welcome to the Social
Service and Committee, select committee.
We have, uh, you, uh, we'll have you with us
for half an hour, um, this afternoon.
Um, just to have a look at the generate effective, uh,
report on the effectiveness of range
abuse of child property.
Uh, so look, um, welcome to make opening comments.
Um, you take us through figure important points
and maybe open up
for questions from uh, members. That be fantastic.
Okay. Thank you, Mr. Chair. Uh, Tina Koto.
Uh, my name's Leanne Vinney.
I'm the assistant Auditor general
for the Sector Performance Group at the IAG.
Uh, so we are responsible
for the performance audit work that the office does.
Uh, with me today, I have, uh, Sarah Hayward, so she's one
of our principal performance
auditors, and she led this work.
Um, and she'll do most of the talking today, I think.
Um, but of course, uh, you might, you,
you probably know Greg, um, Golding, who's one
of our sector managers who supports this committee and,
and is a great support to us as well.
So, um, and thanks very much to the committee
for making the time, uh, to talk to us today.
Um, we'll keep our presentation quite brief, I think, um,
to, to make sure we've got time for questions.
Uh, we'll cover off.
I'll briefly introduce the work and why we did it.
Uh, Sarah will then, um, get into the, the book a bit
and talk about our findings and recommendations.
And then I think Greg's gonna share some thoughts about, um,
that the, the committee might want to consider
and taking this work further, uh, if
that's okay with you. Mm-hmm.
Sounds great. Thank you. Great.
Uh, so, uh, the office chose
to look at child poverty for a range of reasons.
Uh, you know, firstly, there's general agreement
that addressing child poverty is important
to improving the lives of New Zealand children
and their families, um,
but also a range of social outcomes in the longer term.
Uh, experiencing poverty as a child is linked
to inequities in school achievement, adult employment,
income levels, and behavioral health and cognitive outcomes.
So, uh, reducing child poverty is in the public interest.
Uh, secondly, uh, child poverty has multiple
and complex causes.
Uh, there are many public organizations that are responsible
for responding to it, and there's no simple solutions.
So the need for coordinated government action
to address the issues, it, it was pretty clear.
And our office has a continuing interest in
how well government agencies work together to address, uh,
our most complex challenges.
And we've done work, uh, like this in the past
before we've done work looking at, um, you know,
the cross government response
to family violence and sexual violence.
And we've looked at, um, how well the system meets the, uh,
mental health needs of Young New Zealanders as well.
And lastly, uh, the Children's Act 2014 requires the
government to have a strategy to reduce child poverty
and to mitigate the impacts of socioeconomic disadvantage.
And the Child Poverty Reduction Act, uh,
2018 sets out measures
and requires ministers to set targets for reducing poverty.
And we also know that, um,
government agencies are engaged in a range
of activities designed to make a difference.
So we wanted to see how those arrangements
were working in practice.
Uh, so that's what I'm gonna say.
I'll hand over to Sarah now, who will talk a bit more,
um, about what we did in
The key findings of our work.
Greetings to the committee. What we looked at was
the effectiveness of the arrangements in place
to reduce child poverty.
So specifically, we looked at the governance management
and monitoring and reporting arrangements,
and our focus was on the four public organizations
that at the time have oversight
of the child Poverty work program.
So that's DPMC,
or was D-P-M-C-M-S-D, statistics, New Zealand and Treasury.
In terms of what we found,
there are some important foundations in place.
Successive governments have been clear on what they want
to achieve, um, and on their roles
and responsibilities, we found that the monitoring
and reporting on child poverty is done well.
So that was a strength. There's regular reporting on defined
child poverty measures, and public
and non-government organizations value
and use that information.
What wasn't clear is how child poverty initiatives
to reduce material hardship should be sequenced
or coordinated with each other
or with relevant frontline services.
And we know that that's a particular issue
because integrated frontline services are especially
important to meet the needs
of our most disadvantaged people experiencing multiple
socioeconomic disadvantages.
But what we heard is that it's difficult
for many public organizations, uh,
to work in a joined up way, um, with each other
and with community services at the front line.
So we've recommended that MSD needs to give more focus
to addressing that issue of coordination,
and in our view, a more detailed
cross-agency implementation plan that spells out
how agencies could work together
and with frontline services could help with that.
We've also recommended that engagement could be strengthened
with the population groups
that are disproportionately represented in the
child poverty statistics.
So including Maori Pacifica children
and families affected by disabilities.
Uh, that type of engagement, um, will help to build enduring
two-way relationships that are really important
for best tailoring services to meet the needs
of those groups to address inequities
and actually helping services
to work together effectively as well.
And finally, while the range
of measures in place is best practice
and the reports are useful, uh, we know that they're complex
and they can be difficult to understand,
and agencies had started to make some simplifications
to the way they communicated with the public,
and we are just encouraging agencies
to keep working on the way
that they communicate changes in rates of child poverty.
Um, and that's really just so both the public
and parliament know whether efforts
to reduce child poverty are working.
So I'll now just pass to Greg, who will talk about, um,
suggestions regarding the ongoing
work of, of this committee.
Yeah, thank you, Sarah. Um, yeah, so in the late stages
of the audit, we heard, um,
quite a bit about changing governance
and, um, reviewing of monitoring and reporting.
So we think there would be, um, some real benefit, um,
if the committee were to invite MSD in, um,
to discuss those changes and how they're developing,
and also how MSD is responding to our, um, recommendations,
you know, in particular, um, what's being done
to strengthen coordination between public organizations
and community groups and, and how they are strengthening
or will strengthen engagement with Maori
and other population groups who are, um,
overrepresented in some of the child poverty statistics.
Um, for our part, we intend to follow up with MSD in 18
to 24 months to, um, assess how they've responded
to the recommendations as well.
Uh, that concludes our presentation,
and we'll be very happy to take any questions. Thank
You. I might, uh, take the
brief
asking the first question or two.
Um, I, I note here that you, uh, in the report you said
that four agencies have played central roles, uh,
as the Department of Prime Minister and Cabinet MSD,
so systems general supporting the government, statistician
and the treasury supporting the Minister of Finance.
Um, and I'm interested in that coordination piece, um,
between them and between the, uh, community organizations
and groups that you mentioned.
Um, any reflections of sort of advice for us on, on that?
What we found is that as a group
of agencies overseeing the Child Poverty work program,
those four agencies were working well together and,
and communicating well with each other.
And at the same time, um, what we heard frequently was
that it's difficult for public organizations
to join up at the front line with each other, um,
and with community organizations.
So, I mean, that's really why we're recommending
that MSD gives more attention to that coordination
for making sure services, well,
the top poverty initiatives themselves should be coordinated
as well as integrated with frontline services.
Um, I mean, an example would be if you have a, um,
family living in emergency accommodation, perhaps
because of family violence issues facing mental health,
perhaps their child's truanting at the moment,
they're gonna have to tell their story multiple times.
Mm-hmm. Uh, and fill in multiple forms.
Um, and that's just gonna be too much for, for many people
who are just living day to day and trying to get by.
And, and so that's why we're recommending that that
and more attention needs to be given to that,
that coordination focus, as well as more engagement
with the groups that are overrepresented, um,
to best tailor the services to meet,
to meet the needs of those groups.
Yeah. Thank you. Actually, I, I've got exactly
that feedback many times, um, the, the number
of truck rolls up a driveway, so to speak, of a challenges
is, is puts a massive resource strain on them as well
as community organizations, as really government agencies.
So you totally support that, um, that call.
Um, just some, I'm wondering more as well about the, um,
just the data and dashboarding
that data for decision makers.
Any advice for us on, you know, how the data from all
of those different organizations, what they're doing,
how well that's been collated
and dashboard up, up the sort of, um, the decision making,
um, chain, I guess Yep.
Uh, so that better decisions are made? Yep. Well,
The, I mean, the report, the, the measuring
and the reporting we found was a strength.
And it's a strength because there's
clearly defined measures.
Uh, and it's a strength
because they're reported regularly
by Statistics New Zealand, where things get more gray, is
that because there's a range of measures,
they're complex to understand.
And so that makes communication with parliament
and the public a challenge,
and that makes it more
difficult to understand what's happening.
So, so we're encouraging agencies to keep going with trying
to simplify the communications.
Um, I mean, the focus on material hardship, for example now,
which is, you know, we were told that
that best matches the public's
understanding of child poverty.
So that could help to simplify matters further.
I I think there's two types of, um, uh, reporting
that we sort of generally expect to see.
The, the type that, um, Sarah's talking about is,
I guess you mostly they call impact reporting.
So mm-hmm. What are the results and,
and how, um, how, how's the data telling you about,
um, how well those are being achieved?
And that's really good. That's the stuff
that's sometimes we find is missing.
Mm-hmm. Um, and the reason that agencies are organized
around that is 'cause there's an act
that requires them to have it.
So statutory requirements to do that sort of reporting.
The other type of reporting that we would generally expect
to see is the progress against the plan of initiatives that,
uh, intended to bring about some of those impacts.
And I think at the time of this audit,
although as Greg mentioned,
there was work underway at the time of our audit, so we've
yet to see whether that, um, has played through.
But at the time of our audit, it wasn't clear
that there was an integrated view of what the plan was,
so agencies could see how their work interacted
with one another and regular reporting on the
progress of that plan.
So that was the gap, one of the gaps that we'd sort
of identified, uh, when we did the work.
I might ask two more questions and then I'll have
to hand over to others, but, um, do, uh, the,
obviously we're focused on what is in place at the moment,
but what about the, uh, uh,
any thoughts on the social investment agency
and the this coordination role
that they attend intending to play?
Uh, well, that wasn't the focus
of the audit. Um, of course we
Obvious a new one, so Yeah, I appreciate that.
Yeah. Yeah. I mean, we looked at,
we looked at the effectiveness of the governance
and management arrangement.
So I mean, I guess just generally speaking, um, you know,
any role that that agency can play in supporting, uh,
you know, good strong coordination across agencies,
of course would, would, could be helpful. Mm-hmm.
Well, I mean, I think to the extent that good data helps,
uh, decision makers make good decisions about where
to prioritize effort, then we think there is
some good data here.
There's definitely a, a focus on, um, monitoring impact.
Mm-hmm. I think one of the things that, um, uh, you know,
I guess over time we would like
to see is a stronger understanding about
how those initiatives generate the impact.
So, um, I know
that the DPMC had done some previously good work
looking at intervention logic.
These are all useful things,
and if you can bring that picture together,
that will produce better data
that will enable decision makers
to make really well informed decisions about
where they focus their investment and their efforts.
Thanks. And that leads me neatly to my last question,
which is, um, around data.
And I'm, I'm sort of interested in integrated data, um,
infrastructure in IDI and, and is, is there anything we can,
because I know there's some real challenge around that
because it's, it's, there's privacy concerns,
but there's also the value
that could be gained if we're able to, you know,
better target, um, people who need that support.
Any thoughts about how that, uh, could be utilized?
Well, this piece work didn't look at the IDI, um, so,
or the social investment agencies work.
Um, so we probably can't say anything
too specific about that.
Sure. Um, but other than to say that we support, uh,
you know, public organizations investing
and making sure that they have good information about
the impact of their services.
And I think that our office, um,
often talks about this in the context
of performance reporting,
but obviously, you know, a good data
that's obtained either administrative data,
which I understand is, is, is, is
what largely what's in the IDI
or whether it's about evaluation of initiatives.
All of that, I think helps public organizations make sure
they're focusing on the right things and
how they can improve the things that they're doing.
And over time, you know, should,
should lead to better decision making.
Thank you. Um, m
Um, Joseph, um, covered off my question around the data,
but I, I remember, um, when this bill was developed that
where the legislation was going through this committee,
there was, there was some concern around the sharing of data
between agencies, especially in the frontline organizations.
Did you get a sense that that's improved at all?
That wasn't something we specifically looked at.
We didn't hear anything specifically about the sharing
of information, but clearly, um, those protocols need
to be clearly agreed and,
and, uh, you know, in order for agencies
to work together effectively. Yes. Mm-hmm.
I have another, another question.
Um, one of the, um, one of the, um, measures, uh,
that was always gonna be challenging was the
before housing cost and after housing cost.
And, um, it in your view of looking at the, um,
the information to date,
because we've now got some, you know,
data over a a few years, um, how much
has the data been skewed, if at all,
by the emergency housing?
Um, because emergency housing is not 50%
of the, um, you know, family's income, I think it's 25%, um,
that would affect benefit.
So how, how do you adapt that
Target and that measure to account for the volume
of people and families inside emergency housing?
That, I mean, that, that would be a good question
for statistics New Zealand, uh, we were told
by statistics New Zealand that, that that type
of data would have very little impact overall on,
on those median income measures.
But that would be a good one
to check, check with them though. Yeah.
Mm-hmm. So
We didn't look, we didn't look at the data in detail.
We were interested in whether the requirements
that agencies are required to fulfill
by having the targets in place,
making sure the measures were there
and reporting against those were being met and they were
Right. Mm-hmm.
Okay. Cutting. Thank you. Um, awesome report.
Lots of work put into that.
I just wanted to know if there is any public advice
available that indicated any government policies
that could increase child poverty.
That's not something that we looked at in terms of
what might increase child poverty.
And, um, what about any public advice about government
policy that could decrease engagement with those, um, people
that are most disproportionately affected?
Maori Pacific disabled people?
Sorry, are you asking about policies
that would decrease child poverty
or that would reduce engagement,
Decrease the engagement around, um, child poverty
with those certain groups?
'cause I know that's one of your recommendations is
to increase the engagement
and we've seen, you know, um, policy decisions
that are taking away the need for that
and some, um, policy.
Just wondering if there's like a list,
but I'm sort of not across everything. Yeah. So,
So that wasn't in the scope of the audit,
but of course, as you say, we did find
that engagement could be more consistent and more sustained,
and just the importance of building enduring relationships
to enable services to best be tailored is one of the things
that we're highlighting in the report.
Thank you. Can I
ask, um, in terms of child poverty, um,
what, where are we today?
Where are we today in, in, in comparison to, say
five, five months ago?
Or if I go back to 2 17, 2 18 when we had, uh,
Jacinda making it a real, um, strategy in terms
of reducing child poverty?
Where are we today in, in, in comparing back, uh, to where,
where we were two 17 to 18? Sure.
If you look at the chop poverty statistics from
2018 onwards, yeah.
They show a decline from 2018 to the end of, to,
to June, 2022.
And then some of the measures have significantly increased
against since then.
But what we know is there's a significant lag, um,
between the time that policy initiatives are implemented
and when that comes through and is shown in the data.
So it's very hard to attribute, um, uh, you, you know,
attribute any policy to, to the data per se.
And that's not what we looked at in the report anyway.
Mm-hmm. Um, so our focus is once again on the on,
on the arrangements in place,
and I guess what we are saying is to have the best chance
of seeing those figures go down again.
Mm. Um, you know, we, we think as, as, as,
as agencies move forward,
and we, we know that there's a focus on trying
to address the drivers of long-term disadvantages, that
that's in the child and youth strategy.
You know, in order to do that, there needs
to be a strong focus by the governance bodies on
coordination and on engagement with,
with those disadvantaged groups.
So has there been a, uh, a withdrawal in terms
of, for the, the strategy?
Has there been a, a pullback from government in terms of,
uh, addressing those child poverty stats?
That's not something we looked at specifically,
but what we found towards the end
of our audit is there was a fair bit of change going on.
So we, there were new governance bodies in place.
Uh, there was an updated child and new strategy,
and the lead agency had changed from, uh, DPMC to MSD.
Mm. So it was too early at the end of our audit
to say whether those changes were, were having any impact.
Um, and I guess, I mean, I guess that's one, one thing
that we'd encourage the committee to do is, is to,
to find out whether the changes
that have been made do respond to our recommendations.
And of course we'll be following that up ourselves in, uh,
18 months to 24 months time to see
how our recommendations have been addressed. But
At the time that we did the order,
there had just been a refresh to the strategy,
and that updated strategy did include a stronger focus
on material hardship.
So at the time that, um, we did this work,
there was still a strong commitment to the work.
Can I just ask one more question? Please. Uh, Mr.
Chin, uh, thank you.
Um, the, um, the strategy of Whanau Water is, is that, is
that something that was, uh, part of, uh, is that, is
that factored in any of, uh, uh, your analysis, uh,
because that's been a, a change in strategy?
It's, it's been a, sorry, it's a strategy
that both governments have, um, supported.
Yes. But is that had any effect in terms
of what, what's been happening?
Well, it's, it's another topic that our, that our,
IIG has, has looked at.
Another cross-cutting issue is, is, is is whanau aura and,
and, uh, you know, how,
how much agencies have moved towards
providing whanau centered services.
So similar to, um, our audit that,
that looked at whanau ora,
we we're finding similar themes emerging around, um,
you know, around services not having, you know, challenges
with, with coordination, challenges with engagement, um,
across cutting issues that we've,
we've found multiple times now.
And I guess, you know, those sorts of things take, take time
and resource and prioritization to address.
Um, so we're seeing similar themes come, come through here,
and it's why we're recommending
that the governance bodies need to,
to give attention to that.
Jamie, thank you. Thank
You. Uh, thank you, Mr. Chair.
I was interested in the
recommendations and you, you talk about coming back
to them in 18 months or 24 months time,
but you, you use the language in them, for instance, working
with other, other organizations.
Number two, as ensure that cross agency governance
and three, strengthening engagement with Maori.
Mm-hmm. It sounds like those things are happening.
So you wanting more of this to happen,
so I'm just interesting in, in your process mm-hmm.
Of OAG. Mm-hmm. You go back, how do you know,
'cause I, today this is happening, so
how do you know this has been strengthened?
What, what's the measures
so you actually can say this has been picked up
and it has been successful?
You mean in terms of engagement? Yes. Level of engagement.
So there's a couple of things there.
I mean, first of all, we know that, I mean, one
of the things we frequently heard is
that engagement was inconsistent.
Um, and, and,
and that, you know, it could be more sustained.
Um, and so, you know,
that's why we're essentially making this recommendation
because we think that that engagement is so important
to be addressing inequities
and helping agencies to work together.
Um, we do know that there, there had been some improvement
in engagement, um, particularly
with the Mal Iwi leaders group towards the end of the audit.
Um, and, and of course more needs to be done.
Um, you, you, you know, so,
so we hadn't seen any changes in terms of engagement with,
with frontline services
or with, you know, NGOs working, working in the community.
Um, so when we follow up, um, we generally go back
to the agency and we ask them to report to us
what they have done in response to recommendations.
So what activities, what changes they've, um, made.
I think, you know, recommendation one, obviously, uh,
we think, uh, a more integrated implementation plan is
what we would expect to see,
or at least to have some engagement with the agency about
how they dealt with that recommendation
or what they think about that recommendation.
Mm-hmm. Uh, the sorts of things we would expect
to see when we're looking at the other recommendations are
what changes they might have made to improve those things.
But also we might also talk to, um, some, uh, stakeholders
and, and say what they've observed in terms
of whether coordination has improved
or whether that engagement has improved.
So, uh, when we first go back to the agency, we ask them
to report to us about what they've done,
and then when we receive that information, we think, well,
what are we, we're learning from that,
and then we decide whether or not we want to do more work
to understand that a bit more. Mm-hmm.
Thank you. Um, look, I'm just gonna, uh,
the six child poverty measures, um, that, uh,
assessed against, and that comes over the Child Poverty
Reduction Act fraction,
The, The six child poverty measures.
So there's four primary measures
and six supplementary measures, and,
and some of them are defined in the act
and some of them are defined by statistics New Zealand.
Yeah. Okay. Great. Um, and,
and in cabinet, I see in the, that you report, uh, cabinet,
you report, you report on cabinet agreeing in October, 2024
to have, um, another, uh, I think seven, no, uh,
five, yeah, yeah, five
Other child poverty related indicators
Is what you're talking about. Child
has cabinet agreed in October, 2024. Mm-hmm.
And then the government has also, uh,
under the strategy seven wider indicators.
Mm-hmm. Um, how confident are you
that those are capturing the information
that organizations need to report against to be able
to assess this adequately in terms
of whether they're delivering against
the government's objectives?
Well, I think, I think there's two things there.
They're, they're working well to, to show the impact
of child poverty initiatives.
So statistics, New Zealand annual reporting does a good job
of showing overall impact.
And we know that it's best practice
to have multiple measures to show that.
And of course, at the same time, we're measuring those
broader factors, the child poverty related indicators
to see whether some of the longer term drivers
of disadvantage are being affected or not.
So that's, that's working well.
The bit that's not working so well in terms
of the reporting is there's much at, at the end
of our audit, there was much less known about how every,
how the agencies were working together as a whole
and working together to, towards the targets
because there was no implementation reporting in place at
the time that our audit concluded, um,
that was being considered.
It was under consideration what
that might look like going going
Forward. So it would
be useful to hear from MSD, I think, um, as to
what they have done, um, since,
since the conclusion of our audit.
Um, but we did not, uh,
and do not comment on the appropriateness
of any particular measures.
That's, um, not really for us to comment on,
but, um, as Sarah said
that the multi mesure approach is
generally considered to be good practice. Mm-hmm.
I guess a supplementary on that is just, um, one, one
of the, one of the concerns that has been expressed, uh,
to the committee, I think in, in the past is that, um, the,
the workload on organizations who, uh, collate
and report on these measures
and just, uh, concerned about the confidence that, that some
of 'em have about that being, uh, adequately surfaced or,
or referenced, uh, the,
and, you know, are they collecting data for data's sake
or is it data that is, that is actionable?
Uh, any thoughts on the sort of work you've done that
that can help 'em sort of inform the, some
of those questions have been raised with us?
Well, I, I, I think we would say that the data
that is available as a consequence of having those, um,
I guess commitment devices in the, in the legal framework
that produces data that is useful.
I mean, I jump in here if you want, Sarah.
Um, but I think we heard broadly
that those reports were useful and, um, and,
and they were useful for agencies and for decision makers
and also useful for stakeholders.
So, uh, we see that part of the framework
as a strength of the approach here.
Mm-hmm. Um, uh, as you're probably aware,
the office often comments that there is a lack of data
or a lack of good impact measurement, um,
which makes it harder, I think, for, um,
parliament themselves
and for the public to understand over time whether the
actions taken by any particular government are having the
desired effect and whether that's good value for money.
Um, so I think we would say that some
of the things we saw here are things
we would like to see more often.
So, um, yeah.
Okay. Thank you. It's the progress reporting that,
that was lacking, that the progress on how the initiatives
as a whole were progressing and sequencing
and how agencies were working together,
you know, are they working together?
That was the bit that was, that was missing.
That's helpful. Thank you. Thank you.
Um, so we know
that about half the kids living in material hardship
actually are in working households.
And I wonder if you looked into the, uh,
the resources and support available to them
and the uptake, um, of those resources for, or,
or even just like the knowledge that they're out there, was
that, um, something that you were able to look into?
I mean, it wasn't the specific focus of, of
what we looked at.
I mean, I guess, you know, we understand
that there's been advice
provided, um, to ministers about that.
Yeah. Um, yeah. But that, that's as far as how
Hmm, sure. Thanks.
Um, so just in terms of, I guess
what I'm getting at is the communication around
what an advocacy around what is actually available
for people out there and the uptake of it, because mm-hmm.
There seems to be a gap between people actually knowing
that there are services available for them.
Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Um, and the uptake
and the, is that an operational thing
that's happening at these agencies
that people aren't taking their entitlements
or don't know about them mm-hmm.
That it's falling on community groups to like
be experts in these fields and get people
and advocate for them strongly just so
that they can have food for their kids.
Yeah. And that could be a really good topic
of conversation if you were to invite MSDN around how
would be being done to ensure people do know mm-hmm.
What they're entitled to and how they can engage, you know,
with the system to, um, to alleviate hardship.
I would agree with it. Um, Greg, I'd also say that the,
the better the agencies work together
and the better they work with, um,
organizations at the frontline to understand
how collectively they can provide the best services,
um, for people in need.
You know, I think that's, that's a positive thing. Mm-hmm.
I might take, uh, almost there,
but the, the, the last question I might ask, just in terms
of d did you have a look at, you know,
say you very extensive range of interviews that you've had
with a lot, a lot of different people
across a lot of different agencies.
So well done, big piece of work,
but, um, the tech technology
that these agencies are working with, any comments
on anything you observed
or picked up from those interviews in terms of
how effective those are at being tools that can help
agencies with that coordination work that you've technology,
Te technology to, for what purpose?
Technology. So that they can, they can adequately surface
that data and have good mechanism place
to coordinate with other organizations.
Mm-hmm.
Well, we didn't specifically look at, at that.
Um, I guess I would say that, um,
It wasn't raised with us as a particular challenge
or a particular problem in terms of servicing the reporting
that is in place.
Mm-hmm. In, in this area.
I, I, I don't want, so Sarah, no, it wasn't raised
as an issue, but then we didn't, we didn't go looking
for kind of data, so.
Well, thank you very much. That's the time
we have this, this afternoon.
I appreciate your work and thanks for coming.
Thank very much.